hello youtube welcome to HK cowboys
channel my name is Kay the magnificent
and today we are going to be discussing
the following should you buy the taken
King DLC okay so here's the deal since
the announcement of the taken King DLC
and the hilarious if not awful marketing
choices bungee have made since I have
been in two minds about whether to get
or not I figure others may be in the
same boat so i'm going to put forward my
arguments both for and against to help
work it out here frickin goes let's
start with the four arguments this is a
ridiculous argument to start with i am
aware but it's the one I have to because
I've been playing destiny since its
release I've done strike playlist for
hours on end I've kicked some serious
new bass and crucible or iron banner
I've bitch-slapped AT&T bag crater and
made scholars cry like a little girl I
have loved this game and if you're
watching this video you've clearly loved
it at some point too either that or
you're one of my all to subscribers
desperately hoping I'm going to start
doing GTA 5 content again and well don't
hold your breath my point is it's
freaking destiny of course I should get
it second one that's the sub truth guys
I can't think of a number argument
besides I love the game but i think that
reason alone is its kind of huge you
know so screw it let's go to the lengthy
arduous task of the against arguments
there's been a lot of buzz around this
issue and it's probably the biggest
reason a bunch of d fans are like you
can take your king and shove it up your
ass but their arguments are mostly based
on the stupidly cheap collector's
edition for news and the fact that the
standalone dlc costs like 40 bucks but
my biggest issue with it is from a UK
perspective forty dollars is i'm sure a
pain now double it that's essentially
what the brits will be paying for the
same fucking content that's absurd
that's ridiculous that's insulting
that's the same price as the fucking
game itself do you know what I could use
for our 40 pound an entirely different
game with actual content speaking of
which
okay so say I who swallow my pride I
fork out forty fucking quid for the DLC
what am I getting for that well the full
details aren't out but it seems that
it'll be a few strikes a raid three new
sub classes as well as like ten news
story missions are we getting like a
whole new planet or two to explore no
we're getting a hive ship we can run
around what do you fucking do Oh at
least getting a whole new slew of bad
guys to fight no we're getting reskin
versions of the same damn baddies well
get some story missions where it's go
here shoot this and scan that with some
annoying boats over a rave there'll be
some lazy puzzle game followed by
shooting some night with wings in the
ass a few strikes and honestly I can
even help us about that and three
subclasses which admittedly do seem cool
for the most part but not before you
could house of all setting good stuff
prison of elders is an awesome addition
but this is not enough content for such
a high price tag it's not a straight to
the point that the exercises now with it
okay so one of Destiny's problems and
there's a lot to choose from I know is
that the internal currency is all over
the shop when the game first came out it
was like okay cool you very shy level 20
now go grab some armor from the vanguard
and spend hours trying to get ascended
chads to rank up with then the bottle
class was released and sent me your two
camps you have people who love the game
and played it loads didn't have enough
friends to raid with or you had people
who did have enough friends and we're
swimming with the senate materials you
could still get them for public dance
and other stuff for the most part it was
like you know you were screwed to get a
lot of them if you didn't play bog and
all of your legendary gear needed it by
the bucketload then the dark blow came
about and the only way to get the city
to do was to wear only raid gear and
start collecting radiant material a
whole new type of currency to try and
get and again don't have friends to raid
with tough shit and house of wolves
comes along and changes the game again
all the shards and energy mean
absolutely nothing and all armor is
leveled and the only way to max out
absolutely anything legendary is with
etheric light so unless you play a fuck
ton of iron banner when it's in town or
you're able to destroy the level 34 pio
each time you were essentially stuck so
now people are either in the friendless
position of desperately hoping they'll
get an etheric life from death defying
Lisa Ling the nightfall or people who
have loads of buddies are able to repeat
they thrash the ocean of swimming in
etheric
it that they don't even know what to do
with but as soon as the taken King comes
along they'll have to change it again
because once again the system doesn't
work so it'll become grinding simulator
2015 again and again again this is
something destiny specifically has a
problem with GT online is able to
balance its internal economy by having
the same level cap from the beginning
and making money just as difficult to
get for everybody you either do the work
or you pay real money to get more cash
but regardless of how how you get the
cash doesn't matter the effector
abilities of playing against each other
it works with the way destiny is
designed that internal system will never
work TK won't change anything and
frankly I'm tired of the grind ah this
is more of a personal issue but this may
be affecting you as well this game is
grinding based which means that sooner
or later you're gonna get tired I love
this game the people i play with
constantly getting new consoles buying
new games the frankly getting bored the
taken King might Pike their interest for
a week or two but after that we'll go
back to being the pointless weekly time
waster is that worth investing that much
money in considering you to just buy a
new game for the same damn price now
okay this is my rambling over I love
this game and I still don't know what
I'm going to do about it but there we
are thanks for watching let us know in
the comments if you're considering
buying the taken King and why like and
subscribe if you're into that sort of
thing and we'll see you in the next
video catch you on the flip okay out